# ChainRider Hyperledger Fabric REST API Module

This code represents a soft reformat of the Hyperledger Fabric balance-transfer project in fabric-samples (Hyperledger all rights reserved). 

# Project infrastructure

This REST API module requires a set of configuration files in specific places in order to be able to connect to all Hyperledger components:

1. network-config.yaml -> reflects the network configuration. To be placed inside the artifacts folder. It is generated by ChainRider Network Generator service.
2. $org_name$.yaml -> provides storage information for a certain organization. It is generated by ChainRider Network Generator service.
3. crypto-config folder of the network -> to be placed inside artifacts/channel folder. It is generated by ChainRider Network Generator service (crypto-config).
4. channel.tx -> It is generated by ChainRider Network Generator service
5. genesis.block -> It is generated by ChainRider Network Generator service

With this 5 files/folders the REST API module is ready to receive requests and propagate them. Make a folder named  "artifacts" in project folder and put 1. and 2. inside that folder. Make a folder "artifacts/channel" and put 3. 4. 5. inside that folder. 

# Starting the REST API module as a standalone node.js app

Start the application with start.sh. This will install node.js modules and launch the application (or use node.js pm2 as a process manager). Before you start the REST API module, make sure that all neccesary Docker containers are up and running. 

# Additional information (how to use)

Additional information, like specific usage examples, can be found [here](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/tree/release-1.4/balance-transfer).
